update readme with CLI usage and local Webhook documentation (#436)
invertase/stripe-firebase-extensions: firestore-stripe-payments/README.md

- Create a new [restricted key](https://stripe.com/docs/keys#limit-access) with write access for the "Customers", "Checkout Sessions" and "Customer portal" resources, and read-only access for the "Subscriptions" and "Prices" resources.

#### Installing via Firebase CLI 

When installing via the CLI, be sure to pin the version. 

```

> firebase ext:install stripe/firestore-stripe-payments@0.3.1 --project=projectId_or_alias

Reviewer: Is there a reason for pinning to a specific version of the cli?

Author: This was so long ago I honestly forget. Feel free to suggest a change!

Reviewer: Ok, thanks!

```suggestion
firebase ext:install invertase/firestore-stripe-payments --project=projectId_or_alias

Alternatively for local source:

firebase ext:install . --project=projectId_or_alias
```

```

The current version can be found in [extension.yaml](extension.yaml). 

#### Using webhooks locally

If you wish to test the webhooks **locally**, use the following command to configure the extension:

```
firebase ext:configure firestore-stripe-payments --local
```

Be sure to configure your test mode [API Key](https://stripe.com/docs/keys) and webhook [signing secret](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks/signatures#:~:text=Before%20you%20can%20verify%20signatures,secret%20key%20for%20each%20endpoint.) when prompted. 

Start the firebase emulator with:

```

> firebase emulators:start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
firebase emulators:start --project=projectId_or_alias
```

```

Find the functions path associated with the stripe extension, typically it looks like this:

> - `http://localhost:3999/{projectId}/{region}/ext-firestore-stripe-payments-handleWebhookEvents`

Reviewer: Is there a reason for using 3999 as the function port in this example.

Typically, Firestore function ports are default as `5001`.
Another suggestion, the latest updates the Firebase cli cannot resolve `localhost`, recommending 127.0.0.1 `instead`

```suggestion
- `http://192.0.0.1:5001/{projectId}/{region}/ext-firestore-stripe-payments-handleWebhookEvents`
```

> - You can tunnel your local endpoint using a tool like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). In this case you will tunnel the localhost domain and port `http://localhost:3999`. Replace `localhost:3999` with your tunnel url. The end result would look something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can tunnel your local endpoint using a tool like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). In this case you will tunnel the localhost domain and port `http://127.0.01:5001`. Replace `127.0.0.1:5001` with your tunnel url. The end result would look something like:
```
